Add account linking documentation (#73)
terramate-io/terramate-docs: cloud/deployments/index.md

This section explains **deployments** as a core concept in Terramate.

::: info

> For Terramate Cloud to associate deployments triggered on GitHub Actions, GitLab CI/CD, or any other CI/CD platform with your Terramate Cloud user, you must connect those platforms to your Terramate Cloud account. Learn more about how to link your accounts
> with Terramate Cloud in the [account linking](../profile/account-linking.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To associate deployments triggered on GitHub Actions, GitLab CI/CD, or other CI/CD platforms with your Terramate Cloud user, connect these platforms to your Terramate Cloud account. Learn to link your accounts in the [account linking](../profile/account-linking.md) documentation.
```
